hello and welcome to rasoi smart calm
how to make raw fish fry to make RO fish
fry you will need from the top clockwise
ginger-garlic paste cumin powder
turmeric powder coriander powder vinegar
mustard oil salt red chilli powder
Bengal gram flour and Roe fish slices
step 1 in a bowl add 75 grams of Bengal
gram flour 3 tbsp of red chilli powder
1/2 a teaspoon of cumin powder 1/2 a TSP
of coriander powder 1/2 a teaspoon of
turmeric powder 3 tbsp of vinegar salt
to taste 2 tsp of ginger-garlic paste
half a cup of water mix until it forms
to a smooth paste step 2 take fish
slices apply the masala paste
you
and keep it aside for 20 minutes step 3
heat a three tablespoon of mustard oil
and shallow fry the fish pieces until
done
you
delicious raw fish fry is ready to serve
for more such easy and fast recipes log
on to www.mptv.org/outdoorwisconsin
you